Refactoring positive integers (#1059)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/elementary-number-theory/strict-inequality-integers.lagda.md

open import elementary-number-theory.inequality-integers
open import elementary-number-theory.inequality-natural-numbers
open import elementary-number-theory.integers
open import elementary-number-theory.natural-numbers
open import elementary-number-theory.negative-integers
open import elementary-number-theory.nonnegative-integers
open import elementary-number-theory.nonpositive-integers
open import elementary-number-theory.positive-and-negative-integers
open import elementary-number-theory.positive-integers

open import foundation.action-on-identifications-functions
open import foundation.coproduct-types
open import foundation.decidable-propositions
open import foundation.dependent-pair-types
open import foundation.function-types
open import foundation.functoriality-coproduct-types
open import foundation.identity-types
open import foundation.negated-equality
open import foundation.negation
open import foundation.propositions
open import foundation.transport-along-identifications
open import foundation.unit-type
open import foundation.universe-levels

open import order-theory.posets
open import order-theory.preorders
```

</details>

## Idea

> The {{#concept "strict ordering" Disambiguation="integers" Agda=le-ℤ}} of two
> integers is given by the positivity of their difference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An [integer](elementary-number-theory.integers.md) `x` is _strictly less than_ the integer `y` if the [difference](elementary-number-theory.difference-integers.md) `y - x` is [positive](elementary-number-theory.positive-integers.md). This relation defines the {{#concept "standard strict ordering" Disambiguation="integers" Agda=leq-ℤ}} on the integers.
```
